For this exercise, you are helping a business understand the relative merits of
an in-house machine learning architecture as
opposed to a cloud-based machine learning architecture.
You are asked to provide three benefits of
each alternative in supportive data science initiatives in the production function.
I'll share the benefits that I've identified with each alternative.
Keep in mind that the benefits that you identified may differ from mine.
When considering an in-house solution,
one of the largest advantages is your ability to leverage
scale benefits for large storage and computing needs.
If available, your company can leverage
its own internal capabilities that can support the building, deployment,
and maintenance of an in-house solution,
rather than rely on sometimes costly managed services in cloud-based environments.
An in-house solution also provides the best flexibility for the development of
novel models that are not available
through standard machine learning development libraries.
Your architecture can be built to spec,
customized precisely to the use cases at hand.
One of the primary advantages of a cloud-based architecture
is the ability to scale storage or compute on demand,
rather than add capital expense heavy hardware in order to meet a growing compute need,
a cloud-based architecture allows you to simply provision more powerful machines.
A second advantage of cloud-based architecture is
the availability of managed services for needs such as security,
authentication, and so forth.
For companies that do not have these specialized skills on staff,
cloud-based solutions provide an attractive alternative to hiring for these skills.
Finally, cloud hosting solutions provide
automated services for model monitoring and maintenance.
The final key component of a machine-learning architecture.